docs: update architecture diagram (#1075)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/concepts.md

In the figure below,

- There are three instances with Longhorn volumes.

> - Each volume has a dedicated controller, called the Longhorn Engine. For V1 volumes, the engine runs as a Linux process, while for V2 volumes, it operates as an SPDK RAID block device (bdev).

Reviewer: Do we need to explain what a v2 replica is?

Author: Yes, added. Thank you.

In the figure below,

- There are three instances with Longhorn volumes.

> - Each volume has a dedicated controller, known as the Longhorn Engine. For a V1 volume, the engine runs as a Linux process, while for a V2 volume, it operates as an SPDK logical volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Each volume has a dedicated controller, called the Longhorn Engine. For V1 volumes, the engine runs as a Linux process, while for V2 volumes, it operates as an SPDK logical volume.
```

The Kubernetes cluster internally uses the CSI interface to communicate with the Longhorn CSI plugin. And the Longhorn CSI plugin communicates with the Longhorn Manager using the Longhorn API.

> For v1 volumes, Longhorn uses iSCSI for v1 volumes, which may require additional configuration on your nodes:

Author: Addressed. Thanks.

The Kubernetes cluster internally uses the CSI interface to communicate with the Longhorn CSI plugin. And the Longhorn CSI plugin communicates with the Longhorn Manager using the Longhorn API.

> For v1 volumes, Longhorn uses iSCSI, which may require additional node configuration:

Reviewer 2: Can we write it in this way:
```suggestion
For v1 volumes, Longhorn uses iSCSI for v1 volumes, which may require additional configuration on your nodes:
- Depending on the Linux distribution, you need to install either `open-iscsi` or `iscsiadm`.

In contrast, v2 volumes come with different prerequisites, depending on the configuration:
- Kernel modules like `vfio_pci` and `uio_pci_generic` are required.
- For the NVMe-TCP frontend, the `nvme_tcp` module is necessary.
- For the UBLK frontend, both the `ublk` module and huge pages support must be enabled.
```

Author: Updated. Thank you.

The Kubernetes cluster internally uses the CSI interface to communicate with the Longhorn CSI plugin. And the Longhorn CSI plugin communicates with the Longhorn Manager using the Longhorn API.

> For V1 volumes, Longhorn relies on iSCSI, which may require additional node setup, including the installation of `open-iscsi` or `iscsiadm`, depending on the distribution. V2 volumes have different prerequisites, such as certain kernel modules and huge pages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For V1 volumes, Longhorn relies on iSCSI, which may require additional node setup, including the installation of `open-iscsi` or `iscsiadm`, depending on the distribution. V2 volumes, on the other hand, have different prerequisites, such as the need for specific kernel modules and huge pages.
```

> For V1 volumes, Longhorn relies on iSCSI, which may require additional node setup, including the installation of `open-iscsi` or `iscsiadm`, depending on the distribution. V2 volumes, on the other hand, have different prerequisites, including specific kernel modules like `vfio_pci` and `uio_pci_generic`, `nvme_tcp` for the NVMe-TCP frontend, `ublk` for the UBLK frontend, and support for huge pages.

Reviewer: NIT: Maybe need to reword a little bit so that it won't mislead users to install both `nvme_tcp` and `ublk` when they don't need

Reviewer 2: We can reword it like:
```suggestion
For V1 volumes, Longhorn relies on iSCSI, which may require additional node setup, including the installation of `open-iscsi` or `iscsiadm`, depending on the distribution. V2 volumes, on the other hand, have different prerequisites, including specific kernel modules such as `vfio_pci` and `uio_pci_generic`, and support for huge pages. Additionally, depending on the chosen frontend, you may need either the `nvme_tcp` module for the NVMe-TCP frontend or the `ublk` module for the UBLK frontend.
```

Author: > NIT: Maybe need to reword a little bit so that it won't mislead users to install both nvme_tcp and ublk when they don't need

Good idea. Added. Thank you.
